well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so the day we all knew was coming is
here
the president of the united states
donald trump has called for the
suspension of the elections
via tweet he says
with universal mail in voting not
absentee voting which is good
2020 will be the most inaccurate and
fraudulent election in history
it will be a great embarrassment to the
usa delay the election until
people can properly securely and safely
vote
yep he put a question mark at the end of
it to give himself some plausible
deniability
but there's the call there it is the
thing that everybody said he'd never do
but there it is it's one of the 14
characteristics
everybody said he was going to do this
starting years ago
but people marched behind him
this is the same call put out by every
two big dictator in history
we need to delay the elections until
these vague
these vague preconditions get satisfied
and i'll determine when they are while i
stay in power
the silence from the republican party
has been deafening
if you are not in open opposition to
this
you are in on it
this is undermining the constitution at
this point
there is no way to support this
president and support the constitution
to support the republic
this is the same rhetoric used by others
in the past
there's a reason everybody knew what he
was going to do
before he did it and here we are
14th characteristic
if you're a republican if you swore an
oath
now is your moment to shine you
have been handed the opportunity to
protect american freedom
if you don't take it it's on you
and you will be remembered for it
the republican leadership needs to deny
the president
the nomination
this is it
the united states has not faced a threat
like this since 1860.
at some point
people will have to wake up they will
have to acknowledge
they were wrong about him
that he is exactly what all of the
experts said he was
when they watched his rhetoric
you heard the call the entire time he's
a fascist
now if you go back and look at those
fourteen characteristics
he's met them all he's trying to subvert
the constitution via tweet
and the republican leadership says
nothing
the country is in more peril than people
realize
those who wave their american flags as
they waive their rights
and support this man
are selling out everything they pretend
they believe in
if you still support donald trump you do
not support the united states
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day